ignorance
Princess Zhang, you deceived and killed the old minister with these words
The old man made a big impact 30 years ago
He is a tanner
Not to mention that the old man's disciples are countless
It is said that the late emperor also relied on the old man to support criminal justice
In fact, a female generation can be slandered at will
20 years ago
A thief will enter the country
Why is the good brother talking about death?
Why did this hero fall into the hands of the enemy?
After eight years of playing, I still don't keep my name
No one will die 300,000 Jinling City
And now you've been kneeling for a long time
Other countries have been humiliated
You don't even have the courage to fight back
Just admit defeat and end
Compensation from various places
You are all scholars
The soldier who does not fight is my warrior backbone
You don't even understand that.
What are you talking about?
Shut up 60 times.
You are greedy for life and fear of death
What right do you have to question such a royal sister?
Sister Huang, you can do whatever you want, whether you win or lose
I have no complaints
Your Majesty, enough
Your Majesty, don't worry.
This time I will not only win
You will also win the other party's conviction